     In every directory, there is a makefile that will allow compilation of
that routine.  All versions are the same as the previous with the noted
differences.

/GENOME/BACK
  Original versions of the algorithm to generate the table.

  1. main
     The sequence is the actual letters A,T,C,G.  The fragments are the
letters and are actually extracted from the sequence.  The Probes are
generated in letter format.  The table is in logical format.
     The table is created by physically checking to see if a probe is in a
given fragment, then marking the appropriate result.

  2. main2
     Probes are no longer generated.  To generate the table, every fragment
is scanned.  Each probe-length part of the frag is copied out and converted
to a number that represents the probe.  The appropriate place is then marked
true in the table.  It was now necessary to initialize the table to false.

  3. main3
     The fragments are no longer stored separately.  They are now represented
by an integer pointing to the first character in the seq that is in the frag.
Since every frag is of the same length, then the frags can be exactly
determined by looking at the frag length portion of the sequence starting at
the appropriate character in the sequence.

  4. main4
     This version was written for a comparison.  It is the same as version 1
except that the probes are stored in memory, and the frags are handled as in
version 3.  The table is created the same as in version 1.

  5. main5
     This is an improvement on version 3.  Each fragment is no longer
scanned.  Since the fragments overlap, parts of the sequence were converted
more than once.  This version scans the sequence, copying out each probe
length section and the determines which fragments contain that part of the
sequence by implementing a binary search.


/GENOME
The next generation.

  1. main3
     Same as the main3 above, except that it also calls the routines to
calculate the number of extensions per fragment for statistical analysis.  A
change in the random number generator was also made.

  2. main3b
     The table is now stored in bits.


/GENOME/NEW
It gets even better.

  1. main
     This is based on main3b above.  The sequence is now stored in bits.
This also causes the routine that coverts a probe length section to a number
to be different.

  2. mainc
     When finding the extension, the next possible probe is precalculated
before they are used.  This allows for them to only be calculated once.  The
next routine was also rewritten and cleaned up.

  3. maind
     The next routine is structured.  Even though it looks prettier, the
non-structured version in mainc is faster on the machines we have tested it
on.
